README.md, before:

# mediaelement-wordpress
Media Elements plugin for Wordpress 

This version is still in test / development status please do not use yet...

This plugin only modifies the default behaviour of Wordpress. No additional options are currently added the software and some parts have been removed.

Due the fact Wordpress uses 2 different methods

Gutenberg Editor / New Style Editor

* Adds Media Elements player as an additional over the video element there for the following options are currently not supported
+ Multiple sources see https://github.com/WordPress/gutenberg/issues/9457 how ever you can change the block as html and then use the default syntax for multiple sources
+ Support for tracks / Closed captions https://github.com/WordPress/gutenberg/issues/7673 or change the html by you self with the normal syntax

The Classic style editor

+ Currently no support for Vimeo. 
+ Due to outside of control of Wordpress multiple renders can be added.
+ In the old plugin you where able to set to disable controls, progress bar and ect currently not posible.

Commit message:

Changed to 4.2.16, And a lot more

README.md, after:

# mediaelement-wordpress
Media Elements plugin for Wordpress 

This version is still in test / development status please do not use yet...

This plugin only modifies the default behaviour of Wordpress.



Due the fact Wordpress uses 2 different methods

Gutenberg Editor / New Style Editor

* Adds Media Elements player as an additional over the video element there for the following options are currently not supported
+ Multiple sources see https://github.com/WordPress/gutenberg/issues/9457 how ever you can change the block as html and then use the default syntax for multiple sources
+ Support for tracks / Closed captions https://github.com/WordPress/gutenberg/issues/7673 or change the html by you self with the normal syntax

The Classic style editor

+ Currently no support for Vimeo. 
+ Due to outside of control of Wordpress multiple renders can be added.
+ In the old plugin you where able to set to disable controls, progress bar and ect currently not posible.

TODO Add support to add adtional plugins / renders
(Vimeo, Vast, IMA, And many more...)
